Python collection requirements: restructure (#1459)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_contributors/collection_requirements.rst

Collections MUST support all eligible controller Python versions in the other environment, unless required libraries do not support these Python versions. The :ref:`Steering Committee <steering_responsibilities>` can grant other exceptions on a case-by-case basis. 
* Collections MUST support all eligible controller Python versions in the other environment, unless required libraries do not support these Python versions. The :ref:`Steering Committee <steering_responsibilities>` can grant other exceptions on a case-by-case basis. 

Collections SHOULD support all eligible target Python versions in the other environment.
  * other environment: the plugins/modules run not in a controller environment.
  * eligible target Python version: a Python version that is supported on the target side by at least one ansible-core version that the collection supports. The eligible versions can be determined from the :ref:`ansible_core_support_matrix` and from the ``requires_ansible`` value in ``meta/runtime.yml`` in the collection.

The collection MUST document all eligible target Python versions that are not supported in the other environment. See :ref:`coll_python_docs_req` for details.

.. note::

>     Note that dropping support for a Python version for an existing module/plugin is a breaking change, and thus requires a major release. A collection MUST announce dropping support for Python versions in their changelog, if possible in advance (for example, in previous versions before support is dropped).

Reviewer: This note has been simply removed. Since it mentions a MUST that changes the requirements.

Author: @felixfontein I believe it actually doesn't change the requirements as this statement just elaborates on SemVer which already covers such cases.
So it just removes duplication.
Moreover, if we request exactly this case as MUST, it's imo impossible/not reasonable to control it, e.g. if we find out that they didn't announce it will we reject the collection inclusion request/kick out it from the package?
Main argument to remove this: they must just follow SemVer in general.

Reviewer: > @felixfontein I believe it actually doesn't change the requirements as this statement just elaborates on SemVer which already covers such cases.

Since there has been disagreement multiple times on IRC whether dropping Python support is a breaking change, I think this is really important.

>  Moreover, if we request exactly this case as MUST, it's imo impossible/not reasonable to control it, e.g. if we find out that they didn't announce it will we reject the collection inclusion request/kick out it from the package?

Same as any other violation: we point the problem out to the collection and let them fix it.

Author: i was thinking that it'll be hard to identify this even at the review stage compared to items like "releases are tagged in the repository". but to point this out wouldn't hurt, i'll put it back, thanks

Author: @felixfontein i've put it back in a bit different format, PTAL

* The collection MUST document all eligible target Python versions that are not supported in the other environment. See :ref:`coll_python_docs_req` for details.

.. _coll_python_docs_req:

Python documentation requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* If everything in your collection supports all eligible controller/target Python versions, you do not need to document supported Python versions.
* If your collection does not support those Python versions, you MUST document which versions it supports in the README.
* If your collection does not support all eligible controller/target Python versions, you MUST document which versions it supports in the README.
* If most of your collection supports the same Python versions as ansible-core, but some modules and plugins do not, you MUST include the supported Python versions in the documentation for those modules and plugins.

> For example, if your collection supports Ansible 2.9 to ansible-core 2.13, the Python versions supported for modules are 2.6, 2.7, and 3.5 and newer (until at least 3.10), while the Python versions supported for plugins are 2.7 and 3.5 and newer (until at least 3.10). So if the modules in your collection do not support Python 2.6, you have to document this in the README, for example ``The content in this collection supports Python 2.7, Python 3.5 and newer.``.

Reviewer: When we wrote these requirements some folks asked for explicit examples. Why remove them now?

Author: @felixfontein , in my opinion:
- this imo bloats the requirements
- when a person reads it they need to go to the matrix anyway and first figure out how it works for this particular stale example and then for the versions their collection supports, which imo brings more confusion than help
- we just open the Python support matrix and it's clear imo
- if they miss anything, we'll point it out but it's mostly about maintainers diligence in general

thoughts?

Author: As a compromise, could we maybe remove it now and then if there are requests from people we'll put it (or something else) back?

Reviewer: @Andersson007 may I remind you that **you** were the one who asked for this example (https://github.com/ansible-collections/overview/pull/187#discussion_r733051322, https://github.com/ansible-collections/overview/pull/187#discussion_r737712491)? :)

I don't mind removing it that much, I'm just wondering why we then added it 2.5 years ago...

Author: > you were the one who asked for this example

hehe, that's OK to remove it then:)

Other environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Collections MUST support all eligible controller Python versions in the other environment, unless required libraries do not support these Python versions. The :ref:`Steering Committee <steering_responsibilities>` can grant other exceptions on a case-by-case basis. 

  * other environment: the plugins/modules run not in a controller environment.
  * eligible target Python version: a Python version that is supported on the target side by at least one ansible-core version that the collection supports. The eligible versions can be determined from the :ref:`ansible_core_support_matrix` and from the ``requires_ansible`` value in ``meta/runtime.yml`` in the collection.

* The collection MUST document all eligible target Python versions that are not supported in the other environment. See :ref:`coll_python_docs_req` for details.

Dropping Python versions support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Because dropping support for a Python version for an existing module/plugin is a breaking change, the collection:

> * SHOULD announce it under the breaking changes section in its changelog in previous versions before the support is dropped.

Reviewer: The breaking change only happens in the new major release, so this should be `deprecated_features`:
```suggestion
* SHOULD announce it under the deprecated features section in its changelog in previous versions before the support is dropped.
```
